Autograded Version of TechJobs MVC (#142)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-development: src/assignments/tech-jobs-mvc.rst

"List", and "Search" page. ``JobData`` now also builds Lists for the
``Employer``, ``Location``, ``PositionType``, and ``CoreCompetency`` objects.

The Data and Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The "model" is contained in the ``JobData`` class, which is in the ``Data``
folder. We put "model" in quotes, since this class isn’t a model in the
typical, MVC/object-oriented sense (maybe a better name for this assignment
would be *TechJobs VC*).

The ``JobData`` class serves the same purpose as before---it reads data from
the ``job_data.csv`` file and stores it in a format we can use. In this case,

> that format is an ArrayList of ``Job`` objects, which is stored in the ``Models`` folder. Note that Carly changed the

Reviewer: ``Dictionary``

> that format is an ArrayList of ``Job`` objects, which is stored in the ``Models`` folder. Note that Carly changed the

Reviewer: list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that format is a ``List`` of ``Job`` objects, which is stored in the ``Models`` folder. Note that Carly changed the
```

The List Views
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Turn your attention to ``List/Index.cshtml``. This page displays a table of links
broken down into several categories. Data from ``ColumnChoices`` is used to
fill in the header row, and information stored in ``TableChoices`` generates
the link text.

The most interesting part of this template is how we generate the links:

.. sourcecode:: html
   :lineno-start: 17

   @foreach (var category in ViewBag.tableChoices)
   {
      <td>
         <ul>
         @foreach (var item in category.Value)
         {
            <li>
                  <a asp-controller="List" asp-action="Jobs" asp-route-column="@category.Key" asp-route-value="@item">@item</a>
            </li>
         }
          </ul>
      </td>
   }

#. ``TableChoices`` is a Dictionary from ``ListController``, and it contains the names of
   the ``Job`` fields as keys (``Employer``, etc.). The value for each key is
   a List of ``Employer``, ``Location``, ``CoreCompetency``, or
   ``PositionType`` objects.
#. In line 17, ``category`` represents one key/value pair from
   ``TableChoices``, and in line 21, ``item`` represents one entry from the

>    stored ArrayList.

Reviewer: ``List``.

>    stored ArrayList.

Reviewer: ``List``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   stored ``List``.
```

#. We’ve seen some of the syntax to generate a link within a Razor
   template, but we don't have as much experience with ``asp-route-column`` and ``asp-route-value``.This syntax causes Razor
   to dynamically generate query parameters for our URL.

In line 24, we set these parameters by using ``asp-route-column=`` and ``asp-route-value=``. The
values of these parameters are determined dynamically based on
``@category.key`` and ``@item``. Since these values come from
``TableChoices``, the *keys* will be ``employer``, ``location``, etc. The

> *values* will be the individual elements from the related ArrayList. When the

Reviewer: ``List``

> *values* will be the individual elements from the related ArrayList. When the

Reviewer: ``List``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*values* will be the individual elements from the related ``List``. When the
```

user clicks on these links, they will be routed to the
``Jobs()`` action method in ``ListController``, which looks for
these parameters.

By the end of your work on this project, clicking on one of the links display a list of jobs that relate to the
choice, via the ``Jobs()`` action method.

For now, click one of the the *Location* links. This sends a request as we
outlined above, but doing so only leads to an error.

The page you will see at ``/list/values?column=location&value=...`` is generated by
the ``Jobs.cshtml`` template. It has a similar structure as ``Index.cshtml``,
but the table consists of only one column.

> 

Reviewer: I can't replicate this as the directions are written.   I am not able to comment on the note below, but I wanted to add something about getting to this error page.

If I select a link, VS runs a "System.NullReferenceException" and nothing happens in my browser.  But if I "Step Over" the exception, then I get the error page in the browser.  Might be worth the note?

Author: Thanks for telling me! I am going to add some clarity to this sentence. This is more about what you will eventually see than the error itself and the previous sentence does highlight that students will get an error.

start with ``TODO``. You’ll see your tasks listed, and clicking on any one will
open the relevant file.

.. admonition:: Note

   You may not see a ``TODO #4``. This is because TODO comments in views do not always show up in the Task List.
   If it is not there, check out the ``Search/Index.cshtml`` view to locate it!

2) Complete ``ListController``
------------------------------

Complete the ``Jobs()`` action method in ``ListController``. Right now, it returns a view, but we need to send some details about jobs to that view.

#. The view relies on ``ViewBag.jobs``, so to start create a list in the action method called ``jobs``.
#. If the user selects "View All", you should use ``JobData.FindAll()`` to populate ``jobs`` with all the jobs and update ``ViewBag.title``. If the user selects something specific, you should use ``JobData.FindJobsByColumnAndValue()`` to populate ``jobs`` with jobs that only match that criteria and update ``ViewBag.title`` to include the criteria the user chose.
#. Make sure to set ``ViewBag.jobs`` equal to ``jobs`` and run the program to see how it is working now!

> If everything looks good to you, run the tests in ``TestTaskTwo`` in ``AutogradingTests`` to make sure you are on the right track before proceeding to task three.

Reviewer: Observation:  I was not able to run any of the tests unless i commented out Tasks 3 and 4 tests.  I did pass task 2!  

i'll try this on my mac tomorrow.  that way we can rule out if it's an OS issue

Reviewer: Note: On my Mac, I can leave Task 3 tests alone and it will run task 2 tests without any errors.  If i leave task 4 tests uncommented, then it throws errors (See trello card for screen shot).  Once i comment out task 4 tests, it lets me work on the assignment one task at a time.

Author: That is so weird! I didn't get that at all. I will work on a fix so it will behave more consistently for students.
